release 6.2.0 changelog beta (#8121)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta: CHANGELOG.md

* securitycenter: added support for empty `streaming_config.filter` values in `google_scc_notification_config` resources ([#8105](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/8105))

BUG FIXES:
* compute: fixed `google_compute_interconnect` to support correct `available_features` option of `IF_MACSEC` ([#8082](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/8082))
* compute: fixed a bug where `advertised_route_priority` was accidentally set to 0 during updates in 'google_compute_router_peer' ([#8102](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/8102))
* compute: fixed a permadiff caused by setting `start_time` in an incorrect H:mm format in `google_compute_resource_policies` resources ([#8067](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/8067))
* compute: fixed `network_interface.subnetwork_project` validation to match with the project in `network_interface. subnetwork` field when `network_interface.subnetwork` has full self_link in `google_compute_instance` resource ([#8089](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/8089))

>    container: removed unnecessary force replacement in node pool `gcfs_config` ([#8101](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/8101))

Reviewer: I think this is an enhancement.

```suggestion
* container: Added support for in-place updates for `google_compute_node_pool.node_config.gcfs_config` and `google_container_cluster.node_config.gcfs_cluster` and `google_container_cluster.node_pool.node_config.gcfs_cluster` ([#8101](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/8101))
```

> * storage: fixed a 429 error in `google_storage_bucket` resource ([#8092](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/8092))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* storage: added retry support for 429 errors in `google_storage_bucket` resource ([#8092](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google-beta/pull/8092))
```
